exit: 0
--- stdout ---
Plan the increment. Cut it into ordered, single-concern tasks straight from the
roadmap increment — its Deliverable, Grouped scope, and Proves — and the design
docs it names. Each task carries an observable done-criterion: a named test that
passes, or a command that exits clean with asserted output, so every task has a
real red step.

Keep the cut minimal — the smallest set of tasks that delivers the increment's
Deliverable, with no creep into later increments. Each task is one focused
concern that ends in one commit.

Checkpoint: new-fork-at-plan
If planning surfaced a genuinely new fork not covered by the settled gates and
not resolvable from the locked docs, stop and surface it to the human before
cutting tasks. A clarifying decision costs less than tasks cut against the wrong
shape.

Execute each task through the dev-workflow verbatim — scope, red, green,
refactor, gate, commit. Run the tasks strictly serially: they share one working
tree, each builds on the last, and each ends in exactly one conventional commit.
One task is one focused concern is one commit.

Checkpoint: blocked-task
Halt on a blocked task — a real ambiguity, a new fork, or a green gate
unreachable without overstepping the task's scope. Surface it to the human
rather than guessing past it or widening scope to force a pass.

Validate the increment against the roadmap — an independent, read-only check run
by an agent that did not build it and cannot edit or commit, so it cannot certify
its own work. It returns findings; it does not repair them. Verify, with concrete
evidence: the gate is green from a clean state; the deliverable holds end-to-end
by running the real binary and observing output, not by trusting the tests alone;
the increment proves what the roadmap says it proves; the invariants are honored;
and the scope is honest — no inert feature, no stub presented as done, no creep
into a later increment.

Return findings, each blocking (the deliverable, proves, invariants, or scope
are not genuinely met) or advisory (real but non-blocking).

Checkpoint: fix-rounds-exhausted
For each blocking finding, run a dev-workflow fix task — a red that fails because
of the defect, a minimal green, the gate, one commit — then re-validate. Brief the
fixer with the finding, never with the finding's boundary — a fixer handed a list
of sites fixes the list, so it derives the axis the fix is owed over and reports
its full membership instead.

Each fixer is its own agent in its own worktree: the round is a fan-out, not a
queue, so two fixers cannot race one index. Partition the confirmed findings by
each fix's projected write-set — the paths that fix will touch. A finding
spanning two files is one sub-task; two findings landing in one file are one
sub-task. The partition is what makes the fan-out safe: the join disjoint-applies
code and never text-merges a shared file, so two sub-tasks staging one path stop
there with `combine.code-collision`, and nothing is committed.

Keep shared artifacts out of the partition and apply them serially after the
join. A shared artifact is one every fixer would have to edit to land its own
change — a test-registry root a new suite has to be listed in, a generated
snapshot set, a lockfile or manifest, the doc every fix folds back into. No
partition makes those disjoint, and no fixer knows what its siblings will need
until they are done.

The round, one command per line:

jigc config set finalize.fan-out.squash false
jigc milestone create "<the fix round>"
jigc milestone add-task <fix-milestone-id> "<the finding>" --workflow fix-task
jigc milestone provision <fix-milestone-id>
jigc milestone execute <fix-milestone-id>
jigc milestone join <fix-milestone-id>
jigc milestone finalize <fix-milestone-id>

One `add-task` per partition, and `execute` prints one `Spawn:` line per
sub-task — those lines are the fan-out. The knob is what gives each fix its own
commit; under its default the whole round lands as one. It is a project setting
rather than a per-round flag: the write itself lands uncommitted, and the
milestone's own finalize stages the `.jigc/config/` layer into its aggregate
commit, so it stays in effect for every later fan-out until you set it back.

If a round's write-sets cannot be made disjoint — every finding lands in one
file — say so before you mint anything and fall back to running the fixers one at
a time in the main working tree, each staging only the paths it touched.

This is bounded to three rounds. If blocking findings remain after the
fix-round cap, stop and surface it: thrash is a signal for a human, not for
another round. Advisories are surfaced, not gated.
also open: 1 other task was already open before this call — nothing here touched it; several open tasks are legal, each addressed by its own `--task`:
  - `ground-the-vision-in-research` (workflow `form-vision`) — resume it with `jigc start --task ground-the-vision-in-research`
— jigc · run `jigc start` for orientation; all writes through `jigc`.
--- stderr ---
